[Music]
You're looking for a health product
that's like vanilla and you can
put different toppings on it, sometimes it's chocolate
chip, sometimes it's a little sparkling.   If you
want to know, then definitely watch the video till the end
because today I have brought such a
product in which you
can add whatever you want as per your wish.  You
can remove whatever you want to remove.
Hello friends my name is Ankit Kohli
and you are watching Nivesh V Ankit.
Friends, the plan I am going to talk about today is
called ICICI LBAT
Elevate Plan.  ICI has launched a great product
which is a vanilla.  It is like vanilla
ice cream where you
can select toppings of your choice.
Let us know in detail
what toppings or add-ons we can do in this plan.
So, the ICICI LMA Elevate plan is a
unique high-defined ticket size plan.
Where you are given minimum sum assured from ₹3 lakh to
maximum coverage up to ₹3 crore.
We bring many features in this plan.
As if you are being
provided unlimited restoration.
Where once your restoration is
finished, you
can use it multiple times within a year.   The
second important benefit is that we are
providing you global coverage in which
you can go anywhere in the world and get your
treatment done.  Your Will on S will allow
you to get treatment wherever you want.   The only
condition is that your diagnosis should be done
in India.  Apart from this,
under this plan, you will be
given a no claim bonus of 20% for every claim free year, which will
go up to a maximum of 100% claim.  This means that if
you do not make any claim for 5 years, the
risk coverage of your policy will be doubled.
For example, if you have taken a policy of ₹20 lakh today, then
every year your coverage will increase by 2020% i.e. ₹44
lakh and in the fifth year
your total coverage will be 40 lakh.  The
second surgery is surrogate mother cover, where if
you have used surrogacy then all the
hospitalization expenses will be
borne by the insurance company.
Apart from this, optical cover is also being provided in it.
In case of IVF or egg donation, whatever medical cost
or hospitalization expenses you incur,
you can avail the benefit of all of them in this particular product.  And lastly, you are
given a wellness
program and a health coach who ensures
that you maintain a healthy lifestyle
and ensures that you follow all the rules.
So that you can get the benefit at the time of renewal.
So friends, this was a
basic feature.
What do we have inside this particular product?  To make this plan
even better, some basic riders have been given.  There are
small benefits
which if you add to this plan, it will be at
your will.  This plan will grow in a 360° manner
and you will be secured in your own way forever.
Let us understand in detail
what add-on covers and what
benefits are available.  So the first add on
is global coverage where you can get
global security for yourself by adding a small premium.
You can get your treatment done by going to any city in the world.
Apart from this, you
can also take consumable coverage in your policy.
Through which any extra expenses of your hospital
which remain will be paid.  Like
whatever comes under PP Kids consumables, it is
cotton, syringes, bandages
, everything is covered.  The third add-on cover that
you can avail is our Dental
& OPD cover, under which you can get your dental care as
well as basic doctor consultations covered.  The fourth benefit we are
providing is air ambulance cover.  If
you wish, you can also get yourself an air ambulance cover up to a
sum of ₹5 lakh.
Lastly, you
can also avail maternity cover under this plan up to a
sum of ₹5 lakh.  Let us now
understand through an example how ICICI Low LBAT Elevate
Plan works.  So,
in this plan, you are first being
given the benefit of cashless hospitalization.
For which minimum 24 hours
hospitalization is necessary.  There is no capping on room rent.
No capping is being given on ICU.  There
is also no capping on any medical or nursing charges.  Apart from this, complete
pre and post hospitalization coverage is being provided under this plan.
Here we are also bearing the total hospitalization expenses of the organ donor.
Apart from this, maternity benefit is being given up to
the coverage of ₹5 lakh subject
to if you have added that rider.
Along with this, global benefits are
also being given in it, which
you can add to your coverage through rider.
Now let us understand with an example how this plan will
work.  Let's take Mr. Rohan,
30 years old, who
wants to buy a basic health cover plan for himself today.
Where they only want to cover hospitalization.  I do
n't want to take any add-ons.
So this is a feature in this plan that
they did not take any add-on.  The basic vanilla
product is available to them and as
they grow older, they
can add riders to this plan if they wish.   If you
want to convert from individual to family fruiter, you can do it.  If you want, you can take maternity benefit for your wife.   If you
want, you can take global protection.
Even OPD and dental cover can be added on whenever you want.
All these features will be added by paying a small premium over the nominal amount.
And if they don't want to give, then do
n't give the money and enjoy your Banila product.
So who should take this plan now
?  It should be taken by every person who
wants to secure his family and
wants to ensure that he is safe in every way today.  Also,
if you feel that you might have
a critical illness and
want to go abroad for treatment, then you should also
take this plan.  Apart from this, if you have to undergo surgical
biopsy or any other surgery
in the future and you feel that there will be
growth, then also you
can remain invested in this plan.  So friends,
if you like our content
and the product details, then
quickly share it with your friends and family.
If you also
want to know information about any such product, then
tell us by commenting below.  We will
definitely make a detailed video on that.  Thank
you.